AC Flight Scheduler 

Overview of implementation:
- Scheduling framework ingests data sent through a message queue and stored into a file/database 
(This contains a template for a database implementation but has a JSON file solution)
- Data is communicated between the scheduling framework and public timetable using JSON (This can also be done using other IPC communication methods)
- Uses the MSMQ message queue to replicate data being sent between the scheduling tool to scheduling framework
- The scheduling framework is running .NET framework 4.7
- The public scheduling viewer is running on .NET Core 5.0


Scheduling framework details:
- On startup a private message queue is generated and a message is sent to initalize the queue (This can be removed)
- The framework waits 5 seconds for new messages on the queue and cycles again
- Data is sent to a parser which dissects the data into its assigned properties (Ex. Flight Number, Period of Operation, Departure Time, etc..)
- It is then stored into flights.json using the Newtonsoft JSON library
- In the case of a full schedule ingestion, data is sent to a text file parser and follows the same steps above 
- Under both cases (Message Queue/Text File), existing flights will be updated and other flights will remain as is


Public Timetable viewer(ASP.Net)
- The public timetable contains a web UI using ASP.net which displays flight information parsed and stored from the scheduling framework
- It reads the flights.json file containing all flight details stored
- The Public Timetable viewer follows the MVC architecture and updates to the viewer will be done using the controller via the model.
- All data is displayed except for the Aircraft number as that is only viewed by pilots
- There is an option to download the data using the "Print Flights" button. This converts the page into PDF format using Kotativa AspNetCore (PDF conversion library)

Summary:
- A RESTApi is needed to handle requests sent by the AC Mobile App and Website. This will handle scheduling retreival and allow authentication to provide data based on 
user assignment 
- To test this tool, you can replicate the scheduling tool by creating a basic message queue sender. Send messages to the \\Private$\\SchedulingToolQueue generated by the Tool.
The data must be in the correct format as expected by the tool (Ex. AC123401DEC2031DEC201 3 5 71450YULYYZ301). With correct spaces of missing bytes. Refresh the Public Timetable
viewer, and flight information should display accordingly 
